Hello, welcome to my software :)

This suite of apps are things I deemed I needed but couldn't really find.
I'm sure you know plently of IDEs, but I doubt you
know about any single one letting you use a locally 
running language model to help you code quickly and without chugging
gigabytes of ram just for the editor itself.

I'm also sure you've thought before of a proper calendar or clock app
to set alarms or keep track of events, maybe have a cute little launcher
for everything you want, etc? 

Well, this is it.
This very barebones suite of programs is meant to be highly customizable.
Everything is in python files, and you can easily modify it
using any editor of your choice, including the built-in one!

Now as I'm writing this I can't guarantee everything will work when you
try these programs out. They work for me, but you might be 
missing a dependency of some sort. While I understand
using AI might be frustrating, for a lot of these errors
it's really the only way to figure something out, unless it's really simple
like improper syntax or something. But it sometimes gets complicated
especially when advanced math is involved, so I recommend
going through Grok or Gemini for it's speed to solve any
errors you encounter rapidly and efficiently.

Before you start, be aware that some of the software performs important file
structure operations on certain files. 
I am not responsible for ANY damages done to your hardware or data.
I made this program in good faith and to my knowledge there is no
malicious code included anywhere in this.
I have ran everything through many malware scans and they've all returned
negative. You can do it yourself if you aren't sure.

None of my code is obfuscated or encryped, although I did include programs I 
made for that in here. 

My discord is MelodyIV, you can message me anytime regarding features
you want added to something or any errors you encounter.

In the App_ within the Modules directory are some programs that are broken/unfinished
and either don't work or have major problems that render them rather unusable.

When you are ready to proceed, run the RUN_ME!.bat file as Admin.
    to install the required dependencies.

Stay safe out there :) 